add: howto page for valkey-cli (#515)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/valkey/howto/connect-valkey-cli.md

---
title: Connect with valkey-cli
---

Learn how to establish a connection to an Aiven for Valkey™ service using the `valkey-cli`.

## Variables

Replace the following placeholders in the code sample with actual values
from your service overview page:

| Variable    | Description                                              |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `SERVICE_URI` | URI for the Aiven for Valkey service connection  |

## Prerequisites

> For this example, you will need:
> 
> 1.  The `valkey-cli` client installed. You can install this as part of
>     [Valkey server installation](https://valkey.io/topics/installation/).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the valkey-cli client is installed. You can install it as part of the [Valkey server installation](https://valkey.io/topics/installation/).
```

According to Google's style guide, avoid lists with a single item.

Author: That was making me twitch, but it's how the page I copied was doing it. Glad to fix, especially as I think the replacement is much easier to read.

> ## Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup and run
```
to align with the other topics in the connect section.

> Execute the following command from a terminal window to connect:

Reviewer: Google's style guide recommends using "run" instead of "execute" for simplicity.
